# The Wizard of Wines
When roleplaying the Martikov family, keep the following information in mind:

* **Adrian** is two years older than Urwin, and is generally quiet and observant, though he isn’t afraid to take charge when necessary. He takes no sides in the feud between Davian and Urwin and believes that Elric died fighting for what he believed in, and that his death should therefore be respected. Adrian should make the players feel flattered and grateful, and most often feels thoughtful, determined, or melancholy.
* **Elvir** is ten years younger than Urwin and the twin brother of the late Elric Martikov, and is generally sharp, sarcastic, and quick-tempered. He believes that Davian was wrong to scorn Urwin, and that the theft of the third enchanted gem likely wasn’t Urwin’s fault. He shares freely his position that Elric’s death was worthless, and that the whole family would be better off had he never gone to Castle Ravenloft to fight in Doru’s rebellion. Deep down, however, Elvir feels deeply betrayed that Elric would go to fight Strahd without him. Elvir should make the players feel irritated, insulted, sympathetic, and endeared to him, and most often feels frustrated, annoyed, melancholy, angry, determined, or amused.
* **Stefania** is five years older than Urwin. She doesn’t begrudge Urwin for the theft of the third enchanted gem, but shares Davian’s position that Urwin was most likely mistaken about what he saw. She believes that Elric’s death was a tragedy, but that he was an adult member of the Keepers of the Feather and that his choice therefore deserves respect. Stefania should make the players feel comforted and grateful, and most often feels cheerful or determined.
* **Dag**, who married into the Martikov family, takes no position on Davian’s feud with Urwin, though he shares Stefania’s position that Elric’s death was a tragedy but his choice deserves respect. He most often feels amused, thoughtful, playful, or determined, and should make the players feel grateful, amused, and endeared to him.
* **Claudiu** doesn’t care about Davian’s feud with Urwin, and believes that Elric’s death was a clear signal that resisting Strahd is hopeless and anyone who does so is doomed to failure. He most often feels grim, bored, annoyed, frustrated, or melancholy, and should make the players feel irritated, insulted, and sympathetic to him.
* **Martin and Viggo** don’t know about Davian’s feud with Urwin, who they have never met. They don’t understand the full nature of Elric’s revolt against Castle Ravenloft, but know enough to understand that he died there. They most often feel playful, bored, fearful, intrigued, or excited, and should make the players feel flattered, amused, and endeared to them.
* **Davian** is the patriarch of the Martikov family and the widower of his late wife, Mirabel Oraonova. Publicly, he avows that Elric was a fool, insubordinate, and disobedient for refusing Davian’s command to stay away from Castle Ravenloft. Deep down, Davian is shattered that the last words he spoke to his son before Elric’s death were, “*And don’t come back!*" Davian most often feels annoyed, irritated, satisfied, or grumpy, and should make the players feel insulted, grateful, and sympathetic to him.
